So we want to outsource this calculation here into a getter,
let's go back to our store.js file and here we can add a new property, besides the state,
we now also get some getters and that of course also is a reserved word kind of, it's a property vuex
will look for,
so you must name this getters, it cannot be named differently.
So getters is then again an object where we can set up as many getters as we want
and now you are free to choose which ever name you want to use,
for example here doubleCounter could be the name for the getter and doubleCounter actually is a function
where we do get the state as an argument,
this is passed automatically by vuex when this function is executed which is also done by vuex
and in the body of this function here, we can do whatever we want to do with the state.
So if our goal is to basically double the counter, then we would need to return of course because we
want to access this value in the end, state counter times two, that's all.
Now with this getter in place, we now need to access the getter in our components,
well we can do so by going to the component and here, we still keep the counter computed property
but now here I simply return this.$store.getters.doubleCounter, I don't execute it though, that is something
vuex will do for me.
Now with this set up, I can simply copy this, go over to my other result and insert it here
and yes I know, character-wise this didn't get shorter,
keep in mind, this doubled calculation is only an example,
we're talking about an application where you have more complex code
but having such application here as an example would then again pull the focus from vuex,
so that is why I decided to use this.
So now we're using getters in both result components to get our counter and it's in this getter where
we now run the calculation
and again, this could be a more complicated calculation. If we save this and have a look at our running
application,
you see it still works as before but now with getters in place and whilst we didn't save that many characters
here,
actually I think we're using more now,
I think you are able to see that if we would have multiple components and more complex calculations,
this would really save us some time.